What is angular services-
1) Services is just reusable piece of functionality shared across	components.
2) Services should have responsible for a single, discreate piece of functionality.
Services should  have single resposibility.- don't add all functionality into it.	
4) able to be delivered when and where it is needed.
5) Do limit logic in a component to only that required for view. all other logic should be delegated to servies.
6) Primary purpose of code in the component is to control and manipulate user interface.

Consider Creating a Services if-
The necessary functionality is not required by the view.
You needed to share logic or business rules across component.
you needed to share data across component.

Parts of a service-
@Injectable()
export class DataService {

}

@NgModule({
providers: [DataService]
});
 its array of all the services should be provide to module's injector.
 put type of services clas inside square brackets.
  it is when a component, or another service, requests an instance of the DataService class. 
  the injector should create a new instance and then delivered it to requesting component.
  
  Once injector has delivered an instance of service it will cache it and deliver that same instance whenever future requests are made for that type of services.
  Because an injector only keeps a single instance of any particular service type, services are often referred as singleton.
  
  Delivering Services to Components.
  Injector maintain sinle instance of each service  and 
  its resposiblble for delivering to components who request them.
  
  Components request that services be injected into them using technique known as constructor injector.
   
   export class DashboardComponent {
   
		constructor(private dataservice: DataService){
		}
   }

   create Service with CLI-
   ng g s services/data --spec false --module
   
   Why dependency Injecttion is Important..
   Loosly coupled code.
   More flexible code
   Easier to test.
   
   Provider Tokens and recipes-
   
   A Provider is service for delivering a service associated with a token.
   
   Deciding Where to Provide services-
   ng generate module core --module app --spec false --routing false
   
   
  What a Asynchronous Services-
  Services with methods that execute asynchronously.
  Provided to injectors like any other service.
  Injected into components like any other services.
  different return type.
	- Observables-
	- Promises
 Callers must write additional code process different return types.
 GetAllReaders return an observable and I need to call the subscribe method that exists on that observable to register callback functions that will execute
 when the results of asynchronous work are available.
 
   